call-center
===========

 PT VanWellis Indonesia is provide the Indonesia Call Center Solution: VinnoComm which able to help you to evaluate and monitoring the business run through telephone activities.  Nowadays, to deliver the needs to get closer to customers &amp; clients, Company has using VinnoComm as communication center  VinnoComm is the integrated application and in line with the existing &amp; running system, enhanced and support with SMS, Email and Fax as multi media channels.  VinnoComm features are below:  1. Inbound Services such as:      IVR (Interactive Voice Response)     ACD (Automatic Call Distribution)     CTI (Computer Telephony Integration)     - Allow customer profile pop up alert when incoming call &amp; previous dialing     Customer Service / Helpdesk     Order taking     Complaint Handling (Issue / Case Management by ticket based system) support by escalation process     Product Inquiry     24 hours office operator     Voice mail management module   2. Outbound Services such as:      Telesales / Telemarketing     Call Plan (Create your own Call Program)     User defined tele-script ( create your own script)     - Used for CATI system     Outbound services are commonly used for:         Lead Generation         Up Sell &amp; Cross Sell         Survey Management by Tele-Survey         Tele Collection         Campaign Management         Data verification  3. Contact Center Services such as:  Multi Channel used to reach higher volumes of communication. Multichannel are by SMS, Email, Fax or Social Media.  The additional features below are includes to the three services of VinnoComm such as:      Customer Profile Management     Knowledge based module:     - Used for standard services FAQ, product knowledge, etc.     Agenda Management (appointment)     - Use for reminder     Rich report and interactive dashboard     Live Chart inter agent     Live monitoring by supervisor     Auto Email &amp; SMS Notification for many action in workflow     IP PBX System     Auto Recording System  VinnoComm | Software Call Center Indonesia | Aplikasi Call Center | Inbound Call| Outbound Call The above picture is the explanation of VinnoComm Infrastructure.  VinnoComm is the enhanced &amp; user friendly application which optimizing the IVR, CTI, CATI. ACD (Automatic Call Distribution), real-time reporting and recording of Inbound &amp; outbound activities.  The real point of VinnoComm- Indonesia Call Center Solution are to monitoring and to evaluated by management regarding:       a. The average peak-call per daily basis      b. The average percentages of product complaint      c. The average percentages of Order inquiry per period basis      d. And many more  Why VinnoComm?  Our strength is in Call Center provider where the experiences of speciality in Internet and voice /SIP sinergy make us able to give a great added value for your company by implementing Call Center Solution.  We are able to develop and giving specific solutions, while other provide you with the standard template. We are capable to maximize all Call Center features and makes you maximize the Call Center solutions.